232 improve documentation (#553)
neontribe/my-best-life: README.md

- nvm [Linux/macOS](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), [Windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)
- [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

> - For Windows machines ensure the [VC_redist.x64](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-170#visual-studio-2015-2017-2019-and-2022) which is helpful with ensuring issues aren't encountered when trying to run project locally

Reviewer: Can you explain what the Visual C++ Redistributable is for? Is it a prerequisite of one of the other tools? This is OK if not 🙂

### ⚛ Install and Develop

- Clone the repository
- Run `yarn`
- Run `nvm ls` (for Windows to list all currently node versions currently installed)

> - Run `nvm install 16.0.0` (for Windows if node version 16.0.0 hasn't already been previously installed)

Reviewer: We'll probably want the latest version of 16 which you can get on Windows with `nvm install 16 latest`

- Run `nvm use` (or manually add a node version argument when using Windows e.g. `nvm use 16.0.0`)
- Run `yarn dev`
- Browse to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### 🔧 Maintenance

- Committing to repo will throw a warning message if the structure isn't inline with the [commitlint](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint#what-is-commitlint)

## 📃 Useful Information

### Global styles

> The MBL app uses styled components with each component consisting of their own set and a global default theme with set variables such as colour scheme, font sizes and gutter sizes which are held separately and acessed globally. This provides conistency and allows each component to reference these variables in ./src/Theme.ts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MBL app uses styled components with each component consisting of their own set and a global default theme with set variables such as colour scheme, font sizes and gutter sizes which are held separately and accessed globally. This provides consistency and allows each component to reference these variables in ./src/Theme.ts.
```
